# Lucene-.net-on-Twitter-client
The purpose of this application is to show how easy it is to use Lucene.net. To do that, I let the user search something on the twitter and then filter the results using Lucene.net


The structure
--
The solution consists of 3 projects:

-The connector which has the responsibility of connecting to Twitter and querying on it

-The Logic which uses the connector to read the data and then index them with Lucene and then searchnig on them

-The WPF project wich is just the presentation

The connector
--
To search on twitter, you need a token generated by tweeter and then calling the service having the token in the headers. Also, the results contains the structure of the response of the Api call.

This projet has been done on .Net Standard since there is no need for OS specific libraries nor any packages that has been done on .Net framework.

The logic
--
There is basicaly 2 events in here:

1- Getting data from Twitter and updating indexes:

When the client searches for something, the service calles the Api via connector and receives the resuls. Then it uses the suitable fields to update the Lucene index for future use (filtering the results).

2- Filtering the results based on the terms coming from the front tier:

The indexes contain all required data to filter and show the filtered results to the user. The search can be done using multiple words and also it can be done using Fazzy parameters using ~ following by error acceptance rate for mispelling and typos.

i.e: If the filter term is *spac~0.5* it will return space as well as spec.

This project is based on .Net framework since Lucene.net is not compatible with .Net standard yet. 


The presentation
--
A simple WPF project. 2 text boxes for search and filtering, a grid to show the results and an additional button to export the results as json 
